.TH SOCIAL-MEDIA-MONITOR 1 "February 2026" "Social Media Ethics Monitor"
.SH NAME
social-media-monitor \- orchestrate and inspect the NUJ Social Media Ethics Monitor stack
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B just setup
.RI " "
.B just dev
.RI " "
.B just container-build
.RI " "
.B selur-compose up
.SH DESCRIPTION
The Social Media Ethics Monitor now runs from a Chainguard-based container and is orchestrated by
.BR selur-compose
with enforcement from
.BR Svalinn
and runtime execution in
.BR Vörðr .
This man page summarises the primary commands used during development and deployment.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B just setup
Prepares toolchains, copies `.env.example` to `.env`, and writes Chainguard stage files that reference the Cerro Torre attestations.
.TP
.B just dev
Starts the entire stack (`collector`, `analyzer`, `publisher`, `dashboard`, `scraper`, `xtdb`, `virtuoso`, `dragonfly cache`) through
.BR selur-compose
and exposes port 4000 for the dashboard.
.TP
.B just container-build
Runs `tools/scripts/container-build.sh`, which builds the Chainguard Containerfile from the local Eclipse clones and tags `ghcr.io/hyperpolymath/social-media-monitor:latest.ctp`.
.TP
.B selur-compose up
Launches the services declared in `compose.toml`, validated by Svalinn policy rules, and executed by Vörðr.
.TP
.B selur-compose down
Gracefully stops containers, removes runtimes from Vörðr, and clears Svalinn attestations for the session.
.TP
.B selur-compose logs <service>
Streams structured logs (Loki format) for the requested service and includes Grafana trace identifiers.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B docs/just-cookbook.adoc
High-level overview of `just` recipes and their purposes.
.TP
.B docs/man/social-media-monitor.1
This manual page.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR just (1),
.BR selur-compose (1),
.BR Svalinn (1),
.BR Vörðr (1).
